and we were talking about how you advance in the
service, and we were talking about the values, and
you mentioned some of the values. And we said
basically that you didn't think there was a
difference between the business or professional
world and how you get ahead in the military. You
felt it's the same type of leadership. I wanted to
ask you, did you consider yourself ambitious? Few
people make it to generals.
I never felt like I was ambitious. I never felt
along the line that I was shooting to be a general. I
never felt that way. Just deep down, you know, I
might look like I was to others that I was, you know,
bucking for a generalship, but I never felt
that my goal was to be a general. Just never
disgusted with anything. I never talked to
Catherine about it. Or my brothers, as close as we
are. I never said, hell, I'm going to be a general.
Just never did. I just felt that I enjoyed doing
what I was doing and trying to do the best job I can.
And it just happened. Were you really surprised
then when you did get that telephone call? I really
did. I wasn't surprised. Let me say this, I've met
some brigadier generals and even major generals
as a colonel that I often wonder, how in the hell did
they become generals? And here I am a colonel. You
know, but uh... You just didn't think they had the
quality to be general officers? No, I just didn't
think they had the quality and didn't know how they
did it and then found out later it was political and
I said, well, Here I am, a full colonel, and these
guys are Brigadier General. I'll
give you an example. When I had a direct support
group as a colonel, my commander was the second one
that took over. You want me to mention names? Only
if you want to. Well, let me just say he was a
commander. He was a Brigadier General commanding
the Direct Support Brigade. 377 Brigade is what
Support Brigade is what they called it. And after I
was around him, I said to myself, you know, I said,
God, dang, how did this guy get to be a general?
Hell, he don't know how to command. He don't know
how to lead. He don't know how to organize his
staff. He let people, you know, well, his people,
his own staff was just doing things to me down here
in a group that I was trying to ruin me. I said, I'm
not going to put up with that stuff. And I'd go to
him. I'd complain to him. He wouldn't do nothing
about it.
Well, as it turned out, I made Brigadier. He made
Brigadier. He was still a Brigadier. Then he got
relieved because of his uncouth
attitude and uncouth doings. He went to Fort Hood
one time and took his brigade headquarters, and
he, the corps commander, three-star general, had
a party, banquet. And this brigadier general had a
few drinks. Next thing you know, he's putting his
hand under the waitress's dress. No kidding?
Yeah! Right? Right! In fact, we had a party for him
in Beaumont. the red carpet in. It was brand new
carpet, red motel, brand new plush. And we had a
party for him and we had all our wives there and we
had this dinner party and one of the officers come
to me and says, Colonel Kokonos, what's the
general over there? So I looked around and sure
enough he had his iron hand underneath the
waitress's dress. And then later on in the
evening, the waitress came to me and complained to
me about it. I would think so. Oh, sure. She was
furious. Well, when I heard about his episode at
Fort Hood, he was at the Corps Commander's banquet
or dinner party, and the girl, the waitress that he
put his hand under her skirt, was the warrant
officer's wife who was on the Corps Commander's
staff. So much for him. That was the end of him.
Fifth Army got rid of him quick. Oh, yeah.
So in other words, you'd say that there are, in
every organization, even in the elites of the
military, you have undesirables that somehow get
up there. How do they get up there? I don't know. I
don't know how they get up there. They might have
done well. before they got there, but after they
get there, they change. Oh, I see. They change.
I've seen it. Probably true. He changed, and this
90th Army Reserve Commander, he changed.
So, you have them. In every organization. In every
organization. Now, when you retired, do you
remember what you thought on the day of your
retirement? Do you remember how you felt?
I felt kind of sad. I didn't feel like that I was
ready to retire. Yeah. And
as it turned out, my records showed I had another
year to go. No kidding? Really? Really. And
somebody messed it up. And you could have been,
well, at least one of the three to go up for a
promotion. Yeah, I could have. Oh, I read a
document. When RCPAC, the St. Louis Reserve
Personnel Department, sent me my retirement
papers,
Retirement date was 78 instead of 77. I said,
oh, what the hell. It wouldn't do me any good to try
to stir that up. So I just said it was just the break
of the game, I guess. But I was satisfied, Terry. I
was satisfied to make Brigadier General.
Absolutely. Oh, I was. And it didn't disappoint me
because I didn't get promoted further. Would you
say that making generalship was, whenever we take
a look at a career, I always like to take a look at
what we call successes and shortcomings, not
necessarily failures, but would you put
generalship, making the rank, as one of the
successes, right? Right. And the command
positions that you had and the schools that you
had, what would you put as the shortcomings? Was
there anything that you felt that, gee, I really
could have done better here, or I could have done
something I didn't quite carry through here?
I can't recall any shortcomings because I think
I'd have got promoted to general earlier if the 9th
Division would have stayed intact. See, I'd
already made my mark on division artillery, and
General Kidwell who was my division bigoted
general, Kickwell, who was my division
commander,
if he had been promoted to major general, I'd have
been brought right along with him because I did a
good job for him, a damn good job for him. So as far as
shortcomings, I was always fighting
shortcomings by living in Beaumont because
Beaumont did not have any reserves. any high
headquarter units here. All we had was battalion
or lieutenant colonel. They had the school, but
when I organized the 173rd Direct Support Group,
that's the highest headquarters I've ever been in
Beaumont.
That's certainly an accomplishment. Well, I felt
so, you know, that they asked me to take that over
and bring it to Beaumont. And Beaumont spread it
high. I got newspaper clippings about the new unit
in Beaumont. And Beaumont was proud. And by the
way, we received. Well received. When I got
promoted to Brigadier General, the Chamber of
Commerce threw a reception for me. Really? I was
the first. Oh, great. What they did, the way they
did it. You were the first? I was the first
Beaumonter to be promoted to general rank. Native
Beaumont. I was born and raised here. Native
Beaumont. I was the first Beaumont to be promoted
to general rank that I know of, that the chamber
knows of. I was the first
reservist in Beaumont to be promoted to general
rank. And it wasn't easy. It was hard because there
were no units in this area. You know, Houston had
some general law, but dang, Houston was playing,
you know, they got a lot of competition over there.
San Antone and Dallas and Fort Worth. And when the
Albuquerque deal came up, I was really surprised.
And
certainly an accomplishment, though. Well, the
Chamber of Commerce was really great about it.
Newspapers and the radios and TV. Were you
interviewed on television or anything? I was
interviewed on television. I told them
practically what I'm telling you, that I'm proud
that Beaumont has a general officer from this
area. And today, I'm called upon all the time to be
at some ceremonies. Really? Yeah. Even now that
you're retired? That I'm retired. Do they want you
to put your uniform on? Want me to put my uniform on
in 10 ceremonies? The city of Beaumont, two years
ago or a year ago, Let me try to get my dates straight
now. A year ago, dedicated the Civic Center
complex, the $34 million complex. They asked me to
be, they asked me as Brigadier General Mike P.
Kokonos to be the master of ceremonies in uniform
and to work the program up. And I did. I had
flyovers. Really? Oh, yeah. That's neat. The
minute the four... planes from Ellington Field
flew over, we sang the Star Spangled Banner.
People came to me afterwards and they had tears in
their eyes. They said, we couldn't help it, but the
minute we sang the Star Spangled Banner and those
planes came over, zooming like they did, it was
emotional for
them. Just the other day, when Bob Crippen You know
the space shuttle? The mayor of Beaumont called me
in to sit in, to be with him on the committee. He
organized three weeks before Crippen came to help
put on the celebration. And he asked me to put on the
parade for him. Now I didn't, they cited, the
publicity was General Coconose and General
Coconose, but I didn't put on my uniform that day
because I was putting the parade together. So I
didn't feel like I needed to do that. I'm asked to,
like Congressman Brooks, he came into town, they
had appreciation dinner for him about a year or so,
a year ago, and they asked me to lead the Pledge of
Allegiance and asked me would I wear my uniform. I
said, sure. I'm chairman of the Lamar University
ROTC committee out there. It's called the
Military Advisory Committee of Lamar
University. I'm chairman of it. And there's
always functions in the ROTC. So I always put on my
uniform and go out there and present medals or make
a speech. Well, this is, I think, one of the aspects
of becoming a general officer. There's so much
interaction once you become a general officer, so
much more interaction with the community and with
the military. And do you think that that plays a
role? Do they pick general officers because
they're good or strong personalities? Do you
think that plays a role? I think that plays a role. I
think the rank plays a role. People love general.
They love it. When I tell them I'm a general, they
take another look. Really? Oh, yeah. So I think the
rank. But then the man comes into play. If he can
carry the rank well, he'll be asked to
participate, and he'll be asked for services to
help celebrate. If he can? If he can't, they won't.
And I know a couple of Brigadier Generals who moved
into Beaumont working here for corporations, and
they're not asked to do anything. Maybe they don't
want to be asked. Maybe they're through. For
example, San Stephen's Episcopal Church asked me
to come out on Flag Day and present them a flag that
flew over the Capitol. So I did. I went out there,
Catherine and I, and I wore my uniform, I wore my
dress blues, and got up in front of the
congregation and presented the flag and had it
blessed, took communion with them, participated
in the service with them, and they were just
thrilled with that. come up and they look at your
ribbons and they look at, you know, they don't know
what to do. A lot of people really don't know too
much about the Army. And they look at your ribbons,
you know, and they hesitate to ask you a question.
So I, you know, I kind of lead them a little bit too. I
says, you know what this is? What is that? Well,
that's a purple heart. Purple heart. You know,
they say purple heart. So that's what the purple
heart looks like. I say, yeah, that's a purple
heart. So we started. And they'd come up and see the
boards, general boards. So the community, I have
to say I've been well received here. That's great.
I go to the YMCA, and it's not Mike, it's the
general. Judge Fisher is the federal judge. He and
I are really real friends. We're true friends. And
it's always general. And I'll go to the Kiwanis
Club, it's general, and I'll go to the church, it's
general, and I'll go to wherever I go downtown,
it's general.
Thursday, they're having a dedication to the
county courthouse, and the chairman asked me to,
he wants me to wear my uniform and come down. Well,
if I was participating in the program, I would. We
just, yeah. And I feel like, when I put on the
uniform, I... You should be a participant. A
participant, and I want to do it with dignity.
Yeah. Because it's the rank. You don't just stand
around. Oh, yeah. It's the rank, you know. I
respect it. Yeah. I respect it, and I try to live up
to the expectations of a general officer. Well,
let's talk about one of those, and that's back to
the leadership. And it seems you met Patton. And at
the same time you met Eisenhower, we talked about
this a little bit, Patton is sort of a
kick-him-in-the-pants type leader, and
Eisenhower is much more of a low-key, Bradley much
more of a low-key type person. And I was wondering
what type of leader were you?
I wasn't a Patton type in the sense that I talked
like Patton. You really... That is rough, Alan. I
mean, you set some examples there. I was my own man.
I was my own self. I mean, I don't know how I can
relate to Eisenhower or Patton or Bradley or... I
was a, I wasn't a talkative gentleman. I didn't
talk, I didn't say much. And I didn't cuss. Oh, I got
mad and raised hell, you know. Cussed too, but I
wasn't a foul mouth. Oh no, in fact, I was, I guarded
And I didn't like my officers to be foul-mouthed
either. If I did, I'd put a stop to it. I think some of
my education, my schooling at A&M in the sciences
kind of refined me a little bit.
And I had some of my basketball aggressiveness,
too. And where I get on the basketball court in
Hill, I was tough. Had to be. And
to try to say I was a Patton, or an Eisenhower, or
Bradley, or Artie Murphy, or Hollinsworth. You
were just a coconuts. I was just coconuts.
Okay, here's another question. The nickname I did
get was Iron Man. You had a nickname? Iron Man. Iron
Man. I got that from basketball. And it stayed with
me. It stayed with you throughout your entire
life? I don't know how the Army picked it up, but I
was known as the Iron Man. In fact, my... Yeah. Let
me show you. Is it running? I'll turn it on. Iron
Mike.
Why do you think you were called the Iron Man? Well,
at A&M they called me Iron Man because I played 40
minutes of basketball. Well, why do you think they
picked it up in the service? Because I was the same
way. I guess I'd get up in the mornings and go, and in
the evenings I was still going.
I was kind. Well, iron usually sounds like
somebody who's stern, inflexible,
narrow-minded.
But it doesn't seem like that. It doesn't seem like
when you mention leadership, the type you were,
you don't seem like you were tough or inflexible or
narrow-minded or any of those. You're cold. Iron
is cold. Well, I think the Iron Man came in because
of my durability. Oh, durability. Durability.
Because I'd stay in training,
get up 4.30, 5 o'clock in the morning for Reveille
and get going. And then at night, at midnight, I'd
be out in the bivouac areas, just visiting with the
company commanders and see what they're doing,
and go back to bed. And I was up again next morning
leading PT.
That's one reason why the second brigade The staff
officers liked me so well because the first time I
went to summer camp, the first order of business
was PT for the officers. And the sergeant major was
out there selling tickets to enlistment to see the
officers doing PT because they'd never done it
before. PT, physical training. Oh, okay. You
know, it was kind of a... The sergeant major was
kind of a sense of humor thing for me. It was all
right. They loved it. But, I don't know,
leadership, that was myself, you know. Okay,
here's the assignment. Let's say as a general, and
maybe in the past or in the future you will be asked,
but as a general you're asked to come back to A&M and
give a talk, a short talk to the Corps on
leadership. What would you tell them? If they want
to know how to become leaders, what would you tell
them?
you know out of 2000, maybe two will ever make it.
Not an easy question. No, it's not. It really
isn't. And you can't sum it up in just a few words
either. You really can't. I mean, you can't come up
with a cliche and say this is what leadership is.
Leadership is all the aspects that you have in you
to do the best job
that you can with the best tools that you have
inside. I
think the main thing is you've got to
self-discipline yourself to just do.
I'll tell you. You self-dip yourself, and you've
got to obey the laws, written laws or unwritten
laws, of good behavior and common sense.
You've got to know between right and wrong. If you
don't know what's right, then you'll never become
a good leader. So you've got to know what's right,
and you've got to obey the law. Whatever the law,
you've got to be a law-abiding person. You can't
disregard the laws of the land and expect to be a
leader.
It's not easy, you know. You've got to be yourself.
If you try to imitate somebody else, you're going
to just screw up right down the line. You can't
imitate. You can emulate someone. Take the good
points of people
and try to use it within you to lead your people.
Ask me some more questions. OK, fine. I want to turn
to something now away from the military and away
from leadership, and basically my final topic,
and that is I want to discuss the major changes at
A&M and your opinion of those changes over the last
two decades. In this place, it's been known as a
conservative institution. It's really changed
radically. from 6,000 students in 1960 to 34,000,
admitting women and black. And everything has
grown in just phenomenal proportions. And I'd
like to have your opinions about that. Let's start
with women. Do you think this is a positive change,
or what do you think about women being allowed at
A&M? I think it's a positive change. I think it's
good for A&M. I'm
surprised it wasn't done sooner. Because there's
no reason to, even when the Corps, when it was all
military, there's no reason to exclude women.
They could have fitted right in and getting their
education right now. As it turns out now, it's the
best thing that happened to A&M. They're the best
Aggie supporters we got, the women. My daughter,
Elise, she's got more Aggie spirit than all of us
put together. So is Suzanne. Suzanne Bruce. And so
I think it was a very positive step to find women to
come down there. OK, now let's shift from women at
A&M to women in the reserves. You must have seen
increases of women in the reserves during your
career. What were your feelings on that?
It wasn't a strong feeling, but it was OK. They
wanted to play a part of it, and there's a place for
them. We had them in World War II. Sure did. Yeah,
over in Europe. So there's no reason not to have
them, yeah. And the Red Cross girls were up front,
too. Instead of servicing supplies, they were
giving us donuts and coffee. So what's the
difference, you know? They were up front. So I
think it was a good experience. and let the women
join the reserve. Did you have any problems as a
commanding officer in the reserves with the
women? Was there any changes or problems that came
up? No problems at camp. We went to camp with them,
and of course, the latrine situation, and it was
only sleeping quarters, and they had their own
sleeping quarters and their
own facilities, so that was no problem. They ate in
the mess hall with us. They trained with us, When I
was in the 75th Mac, we went to the field, they went
right along with us. Never complained. Cold, a lot
of times it was cold up in Twin Falls, Minnesota.
Really? Yeah, we went to Fort Ripley, Camp Ripley.
It was cold. And the women were just right there.
And it was part of it. It was nice to have women
there. What did you think of the average quality of
the woman reserve? Well, it wasn't. as high as I
thought it ought to be. I tell you,
it was average. OK, now we've already talked about
blacks in the reserve. What were your thoughts on
blacks coming to A&M, being allowed in A&M? I think
it was fine that they'd be given the opportunity to
come to A&M. Without lowering our standards, the
SAT score or academic requirements, I think it's
fine. And as it turned out, I don't think we have any
problem with it. Do you know of any problem? No. I
don't know of any problem. They're in the band.
Yeah. And that's really a spree outfit. And so I
think it's good. Yeah. Okay, what do you think of
the idea of the end of the mandatory corps? General
Rudder ended the mandatory corps. What did you
think about that at the time of your ideas change?
And I know what you're talking about, your ideas.
Yeah, well, I've been thinking about what I told
you, too. At that time, at the time it happened, I
knew it was good for the school, but I had some
regrets. that there would not be compulsory
military training anymore at Texas A&M. I think
there should be compulsory military training,
period. And so with A&M doing away with it, it kind
of made me feel a little sad because it deprived our
army of some good officers. And of course, that
leads to the defense of our country. And it was sad
for that. But at the time, General Rutter made that
decision. And it was a momentous decision for the
school. It had to be done. Because the attitude of
the people was going to change. And it wouldn't
have helped the progress of our university if they
hadn't made that change. We actually declined
from 1950 to 1960. We sure did. And I kept up with it.
I'm sure all of them and I are the same way. But I was
aware that A&M was losing strength in their
enrollment. And something had to be done. And I
think General Rutter
made a bold decision. What did you think of General
Rutter? Did you know him? I knew General Rutter
very well. Could you describe him?
Very strong person.
Kind person. He was warm. He'd see you, and he just,
just as nice and friendly as he could be,
remembered your name. He remembered my name. He
remembered who I was.
And, you know, I played basketball for A&M.
Very likable person. And
he's the type of person that wasn't flamboyant. In
fact, matter of fact, you know, General Rutter
began to put on a lot of weight. I don't know if you,
you know, and he, it didn't bother him. He still
soldiered because he, but that didn't bother him.
He, I mean, he's...
But he would expect the most out of us. We gave him
the most.
Very fine person. Outstanding person. Anybody
scale the cliffs of France like he did, what can you
say? What do you think about the growth of the
institution from 6,000 to 34,000? I think it's
grown a little bigger than I would like for it to be.
I think 30,000 is just a pretty good size. I'm
afraid it may get unwieldy. I hope it doesn't get
any larger. Looks like a mine. Yeah, I'm afraid so,
because everybody loves A&M. Golly, I get calls at
the office, help me get my daughter a dormitory
room. She wants to go to A&M, and if she doesn't get a
dormitory room, I'm not going to let her go. Oh,
yeah. Really? Oh, yeah. I get them all the time. No
kidding? Sure. Oh, yeah. That sort of must have
made you feel good, but at the same time kind of sad.
Can you help her in any way? No, I can't help her. I
didn't think so. No. And parents who went to Rice
University or SMU would come to me and say, Hey,
Mike, talk to my son and see if you can talk him into
A&M. Their parents want their children to go to
A&M. which makes me feel great. A&M, I describe it
as a very healthy school. It really is. No
permissiveness.
It's a friendly school. And the academics, well,
it's just like Rudder wanted it. It's an
excellency.
And he did it because he built the graduate school
up. You know that? Oh, yeah. That's what did it.
That brought in some fine professors. And that
started the school in its academic height that
it's reaching now. But
it doesn't really bother me, Terry, that so many
people want to go to A&M. It has to get bigger. You
can't stand still. But I think A&M has kept in
stride with its growth. Unfortunately, we had
this board that fired Jarvis Miller. Well, I was
sad by that. And they got rid of Jack Williams.
What's going on? Great guy. Oh, Jack Williams.
Historian, too. Huh? Historian. Yeah, yeah,
that's right. Great guy. I consider him a true
friend, a real friend. Matter of fact, my son,
Paige, was selling Bibles in West Virginia four
summers ago. They weren't really Bibles. They
were dictionaries, religious dictionaries.
Mm-hmm. And he knocked on the door, and he had his
Texas Aggie t-shirt on, and the lady came to the
door, and he says, I'm Paige Coconuts from Texas
A&M, and I'm here selling dictionaries. She says,
Paige, you're welcome to come into my house. And
Paige was taken aback. She says, I'm Ms.
Williamson. Jack is my son. Really? That's right.
And so Paige and Ms. Williamson, they came back.
Real good friends. She got sick, and Paige was
there to assist her and help her, you know, and do
anything he could. But he spent three months up
there. And Jack Williamson was so grateful to
Paige. He said Paige was good medicine for his
mother. That he took Paige into his home, visited
her, you know. And still today, Paige could walk
into his office anywhere, and he'd stop what he was
doing, come in here, Paige. You know, he said that
medical stuff. Well, what about the board? What do
you think about that? I thought it was terrible. I
really do. I think the board was wrong in doing what
they did. I think it was a power play for the board to
try to ruin
Dr. Williamson and Dr. Miller.
I kind of hope Miller comes back. Do you think he
will? I think he's under consideration. Have you
heard? No. I've heard. I've heard. He's one of the
top three. Really? And so is this Lamar president
out here, Bob Kimball. Very fine person. A great
person. Dr. Kimball. He's a West Point graduate.
He's also a Brigadier General. Yeah. He's a
historian. Is he? Taught it at West Point for three
years. Really? Yeah. And so he's one of the top
three. He and Mark Miller and I don't know who the
other four. This is the story I hear. But I thought
the board did an injustice to Texas A&M. We should
have a more consistent policy. It's hacking away
at people. I don't think that's the way you should
treat people. Well, it's only two people or one or
two people on the board that does that. And
unfortunately... They're too powerful. Yeah.
Well, the chairman became too powerful. He's one
of them. Well, the board calls the fire the
quitting of Ballard. I was president of the Texas
A&M Letterman Association at the time. And when
they did that? Yeah, when they did that. Not one
time, Terry, did I hear any complaints about
Ballard from the alumni, or from the lettermen.
And we met every game in the lounge, and we always
had a program, and there was always three or four
hundred People in there. You ought to go in there
sometime. I wish you'd go in there. It's
beautiful. Got pictures all over the wall. All
Americans. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you'd like it. But they
were in charge of firing. I heard about that. Of
course, that was before I got here, but they told me
in the archives that story about Billard.
Billard? Well, you see, the board members were
passing rumors around about getting rid of
Billard, getting rid of Billard. And so Billard
heard it from his own staff people. And he went to
see Miller, and Miller said, no, no, no, you're not
going to, Miller fired you. And the lawyer says,
hell you're not, I quit. Wow. They went out to
Mississippi or something. Yeah, Mississippi
State, doing great.
Okay, I was wondering about, One last issue. The
draft and registration of the draft is a big issue
today. And I was wondering, you said you wanted
everybody to have compulsory military. How would
you do it? What do you mean by that? I would have the
draft. I would have every young man go into service
for at least six or eight months. Maybe not a year,
but at least eight months. Sort of an extended boot
camp? That's right. And then a couple, maybe a
couple months of specialty training. Specialty
training, specializes if he's in communications
or if he's an artilleryman or infantry or signal or
ordnance. And then come back and get in the reserve
program for two years.
I believe every young man that graduates from high
school ought to do it. Right then and immediately.
Right there, before he gets his start in college or
start in work or whatever you want to do
immediately after graduating. Sort of like
universal military training. Military
training. I was a proponent of that. Old Truman's
policy. I was a proponent and I got on and I had many a
discussion with the ministries here in Beaumont
about that. And I proposed that the UN to universal
military training. And I still do. And now, of
course, another issue is women in the service,
would they be drafted under your idea? No. I don't
think women ought to be drafted. I think they ought
to volunteer if they want to. But I don't think we
ought to draft women. I just don't feel like
drafting women. You
know, I don't feel like drafting. Now, do you think
that, Eric, versus 1940 versus 1980, Do you think,
looking at it, from what A&M was and what it is
today, do you think that, would you consider it
today, even though you're probably a little
nostalgic about the previous period, would you
consider today a better institution?
Yes, I would. I think it's a better institution.
Because you've had You've had the old grads of that
area, 40, who have come back and supported that
school and
gone into the world and become executives in the
business world and who are helping the graduates
today, the young graduates,
get along in this business world. Oh yeah, I think
it has.
You can't live in the past. The past is good to
remember, and the past is good to
charter your course for the future. But you can't.
Oh, man, listen, I'd love to go back to 1940 and live
like I did. You know, I wouldn't have all this worry
and stuff. But you can't, baby. No. I think A&M
today is one of the finest schools that this
country has. I thought it was fine in party. For
what it was doing, you know, these six or seven
thousand of us, eight thousand of us that were
there, compulsory military training in the
Corps, coming out as officers, going into the war.
They're doing a great job. I think A&M was great.
Today, the same thing applies. These young people
coming out of A&M and getting into the business
world, they're only doing the same job that
they're doing in the business world we did back in
World War II. Same thing. And they got that A&M
training. I cannot, I can't detect the difference
between a 1979 graduate and a 1939 graduate. I
can't say he was in accord and he wasn't in accord. I
still get the same handshake. I still get the same
greeting. I still get the same hello. And I still
get the glow in a guy's face at finishing 79. I
graduated with the same name that I did back in the
party. Yeah. Of course, I'm more conscious of it
because I got three sons that graduated. And they
do it. They do the same thing I used to do. They go up
to a stranger and says, I'm Michael Kokonos. And
they'll see an Aggie ring, and they'll go over and
say, I'm Michael Kokonos, Class 79. And that's
what we used to do. We still do. So I don't see any
difference. OK. Now, we've covered an awful lot of
issues in the last couple of days about your career
and a lot of your ideas. What have we missed? There
must be something that we missed that you want to
talk about because I'm out of questions. You're
out of questions? Yeah. As far as I know, we've
covered about everything, but there's probably
something that was really fundamental to your
life that I haven't talked about.
We've covered a lot of territory. Yeah, we sure
have. So I tell you, it's interesting, Terry, that
this happened to me. It's kind of exciting. You,
really a stranger, coming into my life and asking
me these questions and really getting in depth
with me. And I probably don't even do it with my own
brothers. And I wouldn't do it with my own
brothers.
Because I've expressed myself freely to you that
I'm I probably wouldn't do it to my own brothers.
You know, if you grow up in a family, how many people
in your family? Two brothers. Are you the oldest or
the youngest? Middle. Middle. Well, when you're
around your older brother, you don't say the
things you would like to say.
Yet you come in here, and I've said some things to
you that I've said. But in my family, we're very
tight-knit, my brothers. We all grew up together.
I don't think we could accomplish anything
separately like we have together. I had a brother
right from there. We all got behind him, supported
him. I was his campaign manager. I worked like hell
to get him elected. And the GP, Janelle, the same
way, and Andrew the same way. Andrew worked for the
federal judge and did everything he could to help
him in his work. It wasn't easy for him. Same thing
with Pete, same thing with me, we help each other.
I don't know of an area where we, I may think about
something tomorrow or next day, but we've covered
it pretty well. Okay.
Yeah.